but we're joined now by seeing his
political commentator Ben Ferguson new
things Trump's been doing a good job on
the crisis and former Ohio State Senator
capri Cafaro joins us from Washington
and says the president just wants
attention Ben Ferguson you and I have
talked about Trump for years a lot of
the time I've agreed with him and you a
lot of the time of disagree with him I
think in this crisis he's been terrible
and I'll explain why he's shown a
complete inability to pivot to anything
like the kind of leadership you need in
a crisis which is calm authoritative
giving the people honest accurate
information showing empathy for all
those whose lives are being lost we've
seen none of that instead we've just
seen rally Trump the same guy we saw
before picking fights with the media
picking fights with the Democrats you
know coming out with ludicrous crazy
theories about bleach which he then
claims were a sarcastic joke we've just
seen the tape everyone can see he wasn't
being sarcastic or joking so now he's
lying about that all the worst traits of
Donald Trump I would argue have now come
to the fore and it's really damaging
both to him and to his presidency and to
the country many governors would
disagree in the u.s. many governors I've
talked to you now on my show have said
that he has done everything that he said
he was gonna do for the states he made
sure that states did get the ventilators
they needed they got the medical
attention and care they needed that they
got the mast they needed that they were
able to go to three others and make sure
there wasn't price gouging and he also
again if it's all about Donald Trump
then explain to me why he is pivoted to
the governors and allowed them to do
what is best but Ben baby you have
already answered my question and the
point is he originally tried well let me
just explain he originally tried to say
it wasn't about the governor's so he had
total authority that was a lie he
doesn't have total authority the
governors have that authority in their
states to decide about stuff like lock
downs and he knew that so the governor's
now II then ceded control to the
governors which they already had there
was no great magnanimous gesture and
what he can't get away from Ben is the
fact that the United States can't
has 55,000 deaths from coronavirus it is
far and away the highest death toll of
anywhere in the world and I think he
said I think it's not the same let's
pronounce it by China because China's
lied to us the entire time the entire I
disagree that China can't be trusted
defending China China's figures can't be
trusted I'm just sayin above the
reported deaths America is by far the
worst and many people believe as we do
with our government here it's because
America was simply too slow off the mark
Trump didn't take it seriously enough or
whatever but this can this cut to Ben
let's cut to my question
let's cut to my question that it's not
about it's not about the things that
he's done right with ventilators it's
really about his presidency and his
leadership and the way he's turned these
daily rallies into Miss
self-aggrandizing nonsense which doesn't
help anybody even you who supports him
very loyally even you must be cringing
as some of the stuff and must look at
the things like the bleach comic it's
just ridiculously dangerous here's right
now one if you looked at the if you look
at he was talking about in the context
of the whole entire conversation they
were talking about new ideas and there
was a report that had come out which dr.
Burks has also talked about about using
UV light he was responding the question
that actually was came from the media
the same media that criticizes the
squirt house saying they don't have
enough access the president now
criticized the president for spending
too much time take him the Blitz in
America people have taken bleach in
America since his comments because they
believe it will cure the corona virus I
mean here's Pierce Pierce if you if you
are an individual that goes out there in
drinks bleach after the White House
clarified it after Clorox came out with
a note about this jacket disinfectant a
way to treat the virus again let me
finish what I was saying when he talked
about the disinfectant he was referring
to the disinfectant of the UV light
which is clearly what dr. Burke said
this morning on TV and beforehand so
look we're talking about saying to
happen on Thursday if you really
the media is really concerned about the
safety of people then why are you
continuing a dialogue that's already
been cleaned and cleared up my doctor
burns from Thursday if that isn't a bad
one of the focuses from thirst and said
why can't you why can't you just admit
that he should never have said it what I
will say is this Pierce I think if you
have a press conference the wave the
president's done it and you've allowed
for unlimited questions from the press
that is better than going out there and
giving 15 minutes and walking up stage
and having a few encourage people if you
turn it into you pretending to be a
medical expert here
piers will not encourage anybody it is
it is completely untrue never have been
talking about even the concept of
drinking or injecting or ingesting like
your pre-k for a response Capri you've
heard this debate I mean you know I just
feel like it's defending the
indefensible at this stage when the
president United States floats a theory
about ingesting oil or taking down
bleach and then Americans go out and
they start doing it it is incredibly
dangerous I may be a Democrat but I'm an
American first I do not want this
president to fail because I don't want
our nation to fail but what we are
seeing right now is someone who has as
you said peers lacking empathy someone
who is incapable of getting past
fighting with the press at a time where
we are in a global pandemic and
Americans are dying and instead of
focusing on those issues in these press
conferences being distracted by fighting
with the press now back to this issue of
the bleach comment either it was
sarcastic or it wasn't if it was there
is no time or place for sarcasm in a
global pandemic where millions of people
are out of work and thousands of people
are dying and to my colleague from CNN
who has basically asserted that this is
about a UV light study I would say this
either it's sarcastic or it's about a UV
study people have
listen to what President Trump has said
people have gone to the hospital and it
has forced publicly-traded companies to
make legal statements of clarification
because of this concern words matter
from president as the president of the
United States and unfortunately well yes
maybe some governor's are pleased and I
would say again as someone who has been
a law made it was a lawmaker for 10
years at the state level I have a great
deal of reverence for states rights that
are you know very much enumerated in our
Constitution in the Tenth Amendment but
we've also lacked a cohesive and cogent
strategy from the White House which has
caused a basically a patchwork of what
elders voters across the country which
it is true we have we have multiple
states
now let me respond you have the white
house that came out early on and he shut
down travel from from China and then
there were Democrats that said this was
xenophobic then they didn't give credit
for him doing the right thing then he
went out there he said I'm gonna get the
best minds and experts who knows
something about Ferguson finish and then
we can hear your point just can't hear
both of you at the same time fen can
carry on so then you had the president
who picked the best minds that he could
get and he said I'm gonna give you
access every single day to them
ask any questions you want to and we
will do this for as long as you want you
to make sure that the press didn't say
they weren't getting enough information
you had a president that talked with
with plenty of time with governors and
then you had a present that said the
American people need to get funding and
money for small businesses which the
Democrats held up on purpose not once
now but two different times holding
Americans hostage putting things in
there had nothing to a coronavirus like
the Kennedy Center for God's sakes so
when you look at what the president has
done his general handling Ben Ferguson
and and I know you would defend him on
that but I think as we you know we know
that the UK Prime Minister has spoken to
the president they you know said they
would have a coordinated approach but
when you hear Capri the president saying
something like this about UV and bleach
and then saying it was sarcasm that he
was pranking reporters in some way and
now he's not going to do any briefings
anymore
it doesn't look like world leadership
and we've got a Republican governor of
Maryland saying his offices have
received hundreds of calls from locals
asking about the effectiveness of
ingesting disinfectants to treat Corona
I mean it is a dereliction of duty isn't
it well I would necessarily go that far
but I would say that it is certainly not
a portrait of leadership again words
matter when you're President of the
United States and just to go back to
again I my colleagues comments about the
president and the Democrats I think that
the Democrats were wrong to hold up a
second round of funding for small
businesses in particular but the
president explicitly said in one of
these briefings that he supported the
Kennedy Center funding now this is all
inside baseball I think that it's great
that there you know is unfettered access
to the President of the United States
and his team during these briefings but
I think he's squandering the opportunity
to actually address questions that are
applicable to this conversation
instead we bring band badges funny but
my thing really about this Ben is this
is an election in November it seems
thing to me I think part of partisan
politics just disappears in crises like
this and it really comes down to
leadership and the world leaders and the
world leaders you've seen their approval
ratings going up and Donald Trump's have
been falling in the last week or so the
ones who've been going up of people like
Angela Merkel in Germany just cinder are
durn in New Zealand even Emmanuel macron
in Paris who is very unpopular getting
more popular because they've just been
resolutely serious and empathetic and
actually that's all you have to do as a
leader there will be lots of questions
about what you did and strategy and so
on but actually if you can guide your
country through the worst crisis since
the Second World War in a way that they
may feel like you're with them and
you're serious and you're not playing
the usual games you will get reelected
so my argument for Trump is he is
talking himself out of office look a lot
of people been saying he's been talking
himself out of office for the last three
years and they continue to be wrong what
the president did was is exactly what
the press was
demanding he said I'm gonna have these
press conferences I'm gonna let you talk
to the experts you can ask whatever you
want to ask and I will remind you about
this comment it is not like the
president since America walked out on
stage and said something that in a in a
statement out of nowhere he was
responding to a question from the press
the same press that's been carrying this
on since Thursday and he looked at his
experts and asked the actor it's a
question and then they said we got
something to go after you know the
problem with that's what they did
thank you know the problem with that
what you just said is it actually even
Donald Trump doesn't agree with you
because he now says he was being
sarcastic with a joke and directly again
at the reporter no it's a you've
actually you've now contradicted with
respect to you know you just you just
contradicted what Donald Trump now says
he was doing Donald Trump says he wasn't
talking to his experts he now says let's
see what Donald Trump said look he works
to I was asking a question sarcastically
to reporters like you just to see what
would happen but I was asking to start
casting in a very sarcastic question to
the reporters in the room about
disinfectant on the inside subhanAllah
when Donald Trump's own mouth he wasn't
talking to his experts as you just
claimed he now says he was being
sarcastic with the journalist which one
is it again in the press conference
which is what I'm referencing in the
presents clearly fighting back with the
press there you know how Donald Trump
fights back I'm talking about the moment
that it happened and he looked to the
right answer even you you're the
greatest offender even you I couldn't
defend that I like it aside him so
harshly he's unfollowed me on Twitter
right
you